NEW: Migrate your CI/CD Pipelines to GitHub with GitHub Actions Importer (#58)
githubpartners/microsoft-learn: github/migrate-cicd-pipelines-to-github-with-github-actions-importer/includes/5-exercise.md

> Next you will have the opportunity to walk through a migration with the help of Valet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next you will have the opportunity to walk through a migration with the help of GitHub Actions Importer. 
```

To get started:
1. First navigate to https://github.com/actions/importer-labs 
2. Next, use the ```actions/importer-labs``` repository as a template to generate a new GitHub repository.
3. Select which learning path to begin with. There are currently learning paths for:

>    - [Migrations from Azure DevOps to GitHub Actions](https://github.com/valet-customers/labs/blob/main/azure_devops/readme.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [Migrations from Azure DevOps to GitHub Actions](https://github.com/actions/importer-labs/blob/main/azure_devops/readme.md)
```

>    - [Migrations from CircleCI to GitHub Actions](https://github.com/valet-customers/labs/blob/main/circle_ci/readme.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [Migrations from CircleCI to GitHub Actions](https://github.com/actions/importer-labs/blob/main/circle_ci/readme.md)
```

>    - [Migrations from GitLab CI to GitHub Actions](https://github.com/valet-customers/labs/blob/main/gitlab/readme.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [Migrations from GitLab CI to GitHub Actions](https://github.com/actions/importer-labs/blob/main/gitlab/readme.md)
```

>    - [Migrations from Jenkins to GitHub Actions](https://github.com/valet-customers/labs/blob/main/jenkins/readme.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [Migrations from Jenkins to GitHub Actions](https://github.com/actions/importer-labs/blob/main/jenkins/readme.md)
```

>    - [Migrations from Travis CI to GitHub Actions](https://github.com/valet-customers/labs/blob/main/travis/readme.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [Migrations from Travis CI to GitHub Actions](https://github.com/actions/importer-labs/blob/main/travis/readme.md)
```
